Gazell support for nRF5340 network core (#8530)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/gazell/gzp.rst

The Gazell Pairing library requires the same resources as the :ref:`Gazell Link Layer <ug_gzll_resources>`.

> In addition, the Gazell Pairing library also employs three nRF52/3 Series peripherals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the Gazell Pairing library also employs three nRF52 and nRF533 Series peripherals:
```
